README.md, before:

<div align="center">

  <a href="https://dannyxr.com/">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=600&size=28&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=3ECF8E&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hi%2C+I'm+Danny+Nguyen+%F0%9F%91%8B;Software+Engineer+%26+Founder;Building+%40+IMME+Studios;Creative+Technologist" alt="Typing SVG" />
  </a>

  <p align="center">
    <b>Architecting scalable solutions across Web, AI, and Spatial Computing.</b>
  </p>

  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/dannyxr/">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://dannyxr.com/">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio"/>
    </a>
    <a href="mailto:info@dannyxr.com">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email"/>
    </a>
  </p>

</div>

---

### 🚀 About Me

I am a Melbourne-based **Software Engineer** and the founder of **IMME Studios**. My engineering philosophy centers on building purposeful, scalable digital products that solve real-world problems. My day-to-day involves architecting full-stack web platforms, integrating AI into stealth applications, and developing immersive spatial experiences.

When I'm not writing code or mentoring IT students, I'm likely researching new AI coding models, fleshing out design concepts for *The Storyteller*, or geeking out over classic JDM cars (specifically tracking down the perfect FD RX-7 or Supra MK4).

---

### ⚡ Current Focus

- 🏢 **Engineering:** Architecting frontend and backend infrastructure for unannounced full-stack and AI-driven platforms at IMME Studios.
- 🧠 **Exploring:** Leveraging advanced LLMs like Claude Sonnet 4.5 and Kimi 2.5 to optimize development workflows.
- 🎮 **Developing:** Building the scalable multiplayer architecture for **Word Sus**, a play-to-learn social deduction experience.

---

### 🛠️ Technical Arsenal

<div align="center">

| **Languages & Core** | **Web & Cloud** | **Spatial & XR** | **Tools & Workflows** |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts,py,cs,cpp" /> | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react,nextjs,supabase,gcp" /> | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=unity,unreal,blender" /> | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,vscode,figma" /> |
| TypeScript, Python, C#, C++ | React, Next.js, Supabase, GCP | Unity, Unreal Engine, Blender | Git, GitHub, VS Code, Figma |

</div>

---

### 🏆 Featured Ecosystem

| Project | Domain | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Word Sus** | `Game Architecture` | A social deduction game blending AI mechanics with multiplayer networking to establish foundations for a play-to-learn startup. |
| **The Storyteller** | `Interactive Media` | An early-stage project focusing on immersive narrative, system design, and interactive development. |
| **POLO: AR Geo-Hunt** | `XR / ARCore` | A location-based AR scavenger hunt using geospatial data to anchor digital assets to the real world. |
| **VR Safety Training** | `VR / Simulation` | An immersive simulation for workplace hazard identification, focusing on realistic physics and user interaction. |

---

### 📈 GitHub Contributions

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/dannynguyen57">
    <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=dannynguyen57&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&stroke=0000&background=00000000&ring=3ECF8E&fire=3ECF8E&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=3ECF8E&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff" alt="GitHub Streak" />
  </a>
</div>

<br/>

<div align="center">
  <i>"Building the future of spatial computing and intelligent web, one commit at a time."</i>
  <br/>
  &copy; 2026 Danny Nguyen • IMME Studios
</div>

Commit message:

Revise README for improved overview and details
Updated personal and project descriptions for clarity and focus.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

  <a href="https://dannyxr.com/">
    <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=600&size=28&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=3ECF8E&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hi%2C+I'm+Danny+Nguyen+%F0%9F%91%8B;Software+Engineer;Full-Stack+%26+XR+Developer;Building+%40+IMME+Studios" alt="Typing SVG" />
  </a>

  <p align="center">
    <b>Architecting scalable solutions across Web, AI, and Spatial Computing.</b>
  </p>

  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/dannyxr/">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://dannyxr.com/">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio"/>
    </a>
    <a href="mailto:info@dannyxr.com">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email"/>
    </a>
  </p>

</div>

---

### 🚀 Overview

I am a Melbourne-based **Software Engineer** focused on building purposeful, scalable digital products. My daily work involves architecting full-stack web platforms, integrating AI into stealth applications, and developing immersive spatial experiences at **IMME Studios**. 

With a strong foundation in interactive media and system architecture, I specialize in bridging the gap between complex backend infrastructure and seamless, highly interactive user experiences.

---

### ⚡ Current Focus

- 🏢 **Engineering:** Architecting robust frontend and backend infrastructure for unannounced full-stack and AI-driven platforms.
- 🧠 **Optimization:** Leveraging advanced LLMs like Claude Sonnet 4.5 and Kimi 2.5 to accelerate development workflows and automate logic.
- 🎮 **System Design:** Building scalable multiplayer architecture and networking foundations for interactive environments.

---

### 🛠️ Technical Arsenal

<div align="center">

| **Languages & Core** | **Web & Cloud** | **Spatial & XR** | **Tools & Workflows** |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts,py,cs,cpp" /> | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react,nextjs,supabase,gcp" /> | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=unity,unreal,blender" /> | <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,github,vscode,figma" /> |
| TypeScript, Python, C#, C++ | React, Next.js, Supabase, GCP | Unity, Unreal Engine, Blender | Git, GitHub, VS Code, Figma |

</div>

---

### 🏆 Featured Ecosystem

| Project | Domain | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Word Sus** | `Game Architecture` | A social deduction game blending AI mechanics with multiplayer networking to establish foundations for a play-to-learn environment. |
| **Lonely Penguin** | `Game Architecture` | An early-stage interactive project focusing on complex narrative trees, system design, and spatial development. |
| **POLO: AR Geo-Hunt** | `XR / ARCore` | A location-based AR scavenger hunt using geospatial data to anchor digital assets to the real world. |
| **VR Safety Training** | `VR / Simulation` | An immersive simulation for workplace hazard identification, focusing on realistic physics and user interaction. |

---

### 📈 GitHub Contributions

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/dannynguyen57">
    <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=dannynguyen57&theme=transparent&hide_border=true&stroke=0000&background=00000000&ring=3ECF8E&fire=3ECF8E&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=3ECF8E&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff" alt="GitHub Streak" />
  </a>
</div>

<br/>

<div align="center">
  <i>"Building the future of spatial computing and intelligent web, one commit at a time."</i>
  <br/>
  &copy; 2026 Danny Nguyen
</div>
